Notes

add .veracitydata (?) (for backup reasons)
get rid of alternate .bashrc and just check if conda is installed
    consider another file (.shell_env?) to set things like MINICONDA PATH that are referenced in multiple files, so that they only have to be set in one place
        (like a config script)
add option to use a different user when invoking sudo in .macos
    and change back if necessary?
edit Brewfile; change to .Brewfile (change references in bootstrap)
    brew cask install visual-studio-code
    make separate Brewfiles?
        basics + optional (give option to install all optional or go one-by-one)
optionally disable automatically installing system updates in .macos (for Veracity installs)
get snippets from Sublime folder and add to VS Code
keep Sublime settings in Dropbox instead of this repo (?)
need a way to have referenced programs/files/folders (VS Code, Sublime (?)) exist before they are referenced in bootstrap
    for Veracity installation (Brewfile will install them for Personal)
        consider installing bare-bones Homebrew (mostly for Cask)
            talk to Ian?
make public and private versions of dotfiles
look into adding ssh key(s) (with encryption - only to private repo)
cite https://github.com/DoomHammer/dotfiles
    dircolors
    gitconfig
    shell-aliases
    shell-common
improve README, citations, etc.
more ideas: https://github.com/dotphiles/dotphiles, yadm dotfiles list

LATER

figure out virtualenv (for more than Python?)
    if not as good, consider using Homebrew + Conda (look for conflicts)
        Homebrew for cask and for general-use packages (GNU tools, etc.)
        Conda for package management between projects

(later) make sure this is all user-specific, not system-wide (as much as possible)
    most likely conflict is .macos
(later) create separate "one-and-done" script to install yadm and apply dotfiles (for a new machine)
    install yadm (with git? or however possible)
    need to set yadm class after installing yadm but before cloning dotfiles repo
        yadm config local.class Personal
        yadm config local.class Veracity

look for Firefox options for .macos

(later) find out if there is a way to get a notification when the repo is dirty and needs to be pushed

(later) change VS Code default shell arguments to not run login shell (and therefore not change path) (?)

Programs unavailable through Homebrew, Cask, MAS:
Audacity
antivirus (Sophos, AVG)?
